Use KDE for beam screen images (#200)
desy-ml/cheetah: CHANGELOG.md

- Add Python 3.12 support (see #161) (@jank324)
- Implement space charge using Green's function in a `SpaceChargeKick` element (see #142) (@greglenerd, @RemiLehe, @ax3l, @cr-xu, @jank324)
- `Segment`s can now be imported from Bmad to devices other than `torch.device("cpu")` and dtypes other than `torch.float32` (see #196, #206) (@jank324)

> - `Screen` will now use KDE for differentiable images. (see #200) (@cr-xu, @roussel-ryan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Screen` will now use KDE for differentiable images. (see #200) (@cr-xu, @roussel-ryan)
```

> - `Screen` will now use KDE for differentiable images. (see #200) (@cr-xu, @roussel-ryan)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Screen` now offers the option to use KDE for differentiable images (see #200) (@cr-xu, @roussel-ryan)
```
